# Bring our Equipment back home

**Author** None&emsp;**Posted** None&emsp;**Status** None  


## Thread Replies
| R0ckS0lid | Post #0 |
|-|-|

I am bringing this up in a public forum, under the witness of my brethren, as time has not healed this injustice. Third rotation on Dry Meridian, a guilt party…. In this very room!! KICKED OFF MY LEFT ANCHOR AND PRETENDED IT WAS PRACTICAL. I finished the run with one boot. I am owed reparations and a boot.

---

| Spinnymove | Post #1 |
|-|-|

never happened. And for the record you were drifting before anything, i brought you back you are welcome.

---

| a11_ta1k | Post #2 |
|-|-|

it’s true.. I saw it..

---

| Spinnymove | Post #3 |
|-|-|

Are you sure you were even there? Think it happened when you were MIA for months.

---

| a11_ta1k | Post #4 |
|-|-|

you wish I wasn’t there so no one would have had to seen you embarrass yourself..

---

| R0ckS0lid | Post #5 |
|-|-|

I have a court of witnesses, Mr Bailey. Boots please.

---

| BigB055 | Post #6 |
|-|-|

Well I am all for historical fiction but this revisionist history is impressive.

---

| Spinneymove | Post #7 |
|-|-|

You’re trying to confuse me but it won’t work.

---

| BigB055 | Post #8 |
|-|-|

I’m on your side dumbass. Rocky was not stable, but still I saw you panic and try to push off his anchor to save yourself, bud. I remember because I was behind the both of you watching it all unfold like it was a shitty slowmo incompetence PSA. The boot was flung into the void.

---

| Spinneymove | Post #9 |
|-|-|

On my side?? How the fuck is that on my side??? Who else was there

---

| Cluster619 | Post #10 |
|-|-|

I was there, I din’t see anything because I was so far ahead

---

| R0ckS0lid | Post #11 |
|-|-|

Maybe you would have seen my poor boy drift past you then

---

| Cluster619 | Post #12 |
|-|-|

I am not familiar with your boots, are these the ones you usually have shoved up your ass?

---

| Fresh0rb1t | Post #13 |
|-|-|

The court grants Rocky one boot at the expense of the honorable but stupid, Mr Bailey, no emotional reparations, and announces this dumbass matter closed.