# Furnace Spine

**Author** None&emsp;**Posted** None&emsp;**Status** None  


## Thread Replies
| Kay_Sutter | Post #0 |
|-|-|

I was cleaning out old run logs and found the fuckin Furnace Spine clip from like three years ago guyssss :( Still one of my favourite runs it’s a shame that shit imploded.

---

| Fresh0rb1t | Post #1 |
|-|-|

Which part was your favourite? The one where we almost went in with it?

---

| Helix_Feral | Post #2 |
|-|-|

In my defense, I stepped out and told you all it felt strange.

---

| Kay_Sutter | Post #3 |
|-|-|

lol Felix are you kidding you like totally blacked out for a second. Not like fully unconscious but you had that blank stare where you forgot which direction you were moving in.

---

| a11_ta1k | Post #4 |
|-|-|

Why do I always miss the good stuff?

---

| R0ckS0lid | Post #5 |
|-|-|

I might be misunderstanding this conversation, they are talking about narrowly escaping a crushing death J

---

| Helix_Feral | Post #6 |
|-|-|

Morale is critical in high risk environments I guess

---

| Spinneymove | Post #7 |
|-|-|

I remember you melted your outershell that run and then spent the next month pretending the damage was aesthetic, “thermal scarring” you called it right Claire

---

| Kay_Sutter | Post #8 |
|-|-|

I dont care what you sayy shit looked hard as fuck!!! that jacket survived three sites and two regulator failures put some respect on its memory

---

| Fresh0rb1t | Post #9 |
|-|-|

Cant believe we thought that spot was a warm up spot back then what were we thinking

---

| a11_ta1k | Post #10 |
|-|-|

is it still there.? might wanna check it out myself..

---

| Spinneymove | Post #11 |
|-|-|

lucky for you and unlucky for the rest of us those fucking narcs got to it and shut that shit down, it’s so out of the way they only did that to fuck with us i am sure

---

| Kay_Sutter | Post #12 |
|-|-|

No way it’s shut down what the fuckkkk/ i was getting all ready to head there next run and check out what was left of the disaster

---

| R0ckS0lid | Post #13 |
|-|-|

Not happening sweetheart it’s close to a new outpost now too which is why I think they cleaned it up in the first place

---

| Kay_Sutter | Post #14 |
|-|-|

 we can never have anything FUN. whatever!!

---

| a11_ta1k | Post #15 |
|-|-|

is there anything similar.?

---

| Kay_Sutter | Post #16 |
|-|-|

There has been and never WILL BE anything like Furnace Spine :(

---

| Spinneymove | Post #17 |
|-|-|

She’s being dramatic, when you’re back from wherever you are we can show you this insane new spot, I haven’t read about it in the open forums so i think it’ll still be fresh