# We are the mistake of colonization

**Author** None&emsp;**Posted** None&emsp;**Status** None  


## Thread Replies
| Drift_stats | Post #0 |
|-|-|

I’ve been thinking about this for a while and I’m going to say it plainly:  
  
  We are a mistake. Not the corporate overhead, collapsed colonies, it’s all of us. Nothing about this is right, we were never supposed to be here and everything feels so permanently and utterly off, like the foundations of our life have a toxic mould in them, a cosmic wrong.  
  
  We are what happens when you send generations into a vacuum they were not built for and tell them to behave like obedient little home planet citizens.

---

| Drone223 | Post #1 |
|-|-|

Something doesn’t have to be naturally occurring to be fine. I’m all for this world being fucked up bro but this type of thinking is just the monkey brain of yours trying to find a comfortab;e explainable reason that’s not our fault for everything being fucked.

---

| a11_ta1k | Post #2 |
|-|-|

No one wants to say it, but colonization isnt just about us existing its about generational dislocation and shit. Half of us dont even understand what a home is or where it is. of all the differences between us and before, least they had a fucking planet they could belong to, a country that wasnt a bunch of corps. , a city, a home that wasnt flying through space, always changing.

---

| Drone223 | Post #3 |
|-|-|

Even back on Terra civilisations used tech and progress to change and live in different ways, how far back do you want to go for things to feel ‘natural’? It’s a bit harder in this new environment but it’s fine.

---

| Spink_junkee | Post #4 |
|-|-|

my parents used to talk about going back planetside, that their parents used to talk about it, but it’s always just something people say

---

| N00m_l00m | Post #5 |
|-|-|

in your grandparents time maybe there was still something to fucking go back to, though from whart i read, heard, seen even i highliy doubt it. nostalgia is an unreliable narrator. there’s nothing right in that place either anymore, the issue isn’t colonization it’s why we had to start doing it and i dont give a shti what anyone says its not just about money and resources, theres something more sinsiter

---

| C0ldW4ke | Post #6 |
|-|-|

just because things are uncomfortable that isn’t proof for any conspiracy theory beyond regular human greed and ambition, is the idea of some underlying purpose or meaning really fixing anything? maybe inventing a good of nature and obeying them will make you feel better? no

---

| Robbie7 | Post #7 |
|-|-|

That’s why graving is fun I think, having that sense of not performing in the future they invested in, created for us, just embracing the meaninglessness and refusing to be a part of it you know

---

| A11_ta1k | Post #8 |
|-|-|

you can’t always opt out of the system.. sometimes there’s things tethering you.. I couldn’t leave mother.. but i agree that the little time you get out there reminds you it’s all just smoke and mirrors..

---

| Drone223 | Post #9 |
|-|-|

Colonizating new living places as human beings forced out of our initial habitat is natural, and where we go we don’t kick anyone out of theirs, it’s all arid land and space. What else can we do?

---

| Robbie7 | Post #10 |
|-|-|

Maybe that displacement is also bad for us? Like taking ourselves out of where we were meant to be, in such a quick transition, it’s not unnatural because it should never be done it’s unnatural because of how, and specifically how fast it happened?

---

| Drift_stats | Post #11 |
|-|-|

Most all organisms and living things, sentient objects or whatever you want to call it, they change themselves to fit their environment, over an insanely long time, but they do it and it fits eventually. We are changing our environment mostly. As gravers we apply mods and adjust our physical and direct extensions of our bodies a lot more than most do, so maybe you think we are more advanced than we are, but for the most part people change their environment, and what if because of this we will just never fit?

---

| Coolvac | Post #12 |
|-|-|

You want to talk about something uncomfortable lets talk about it. Graving only exists because of the gaps in colonization. Unused chambers, failed sectors, decommissioned silos. We are as much leeches of the system as anyone else just delusional and in denial.

---

| Dox_Fox | Post #13 |
|-|-|

how fucking profound, have you considered dipshit that in order to be a counter culture there needs to be something to counter

---

| Sp3nd33 | Post #14 |
|-|-|

we cant control the spread out, but we can control what we do and how we choose to live. this shit has grown way past fun and solo runs its a community thats outside the colonial structure

---

| Coolvac | Post #15 |
|-|-|

that’s what i’m saying, is it really outside the structure? Can you even really be outside the structure?

---

| Drift_stats | Post #16 |
|-|-|

no you can’t, there’s no opt out and there wasn’t from the minute we drifted into this existence. by just existing we are pawns in colonialism, we can’t change that

---

| C0ldW4ke | Post #17 |
|-|-|

the word is not inherently bad, this conversation is reductive and self-pitying